Hi guys, beauty serve and it was also today
I'm back here with the slit series
the bikini series the very old grade and then
It's quiet here with you can see
very little but it's because I
was focusing more on the other projects
that was taking on the channel but the staff
got me asking me a lot I decided to bring
the account for you
and so I was thinking of continuing
with this firmer series in the channel but
I really wanted your feedback.
it's in the bikini slit video because there's
a lot of work not because here it is
all sand
but why do I have to analyze these
beds in hand so why not the same
has how to do this in reddit and gives a lot
work even if you can see me
I got it all I got all the cops
Why is this all straight and in the
trip to the world with nothing but anyway
and I had to run and mountains and
any relief somewhere by
example here is a duty is money is
two blocks to above normal then
not to get too all equal then
I think it was really cool, but anyway.
You can see I think today they have seen
but anyway
here was i did the lagoon tugo a is she there
goal which is a pond inside the sea
It has nothing to do optical is not a pond
more on a pond bar pool bar
bar beach bar is because it is a beach
pond and even because it is a beach in the middle
of the week of the sea
You can not explain these examples.
But here, tomorrow, because many have
Days like this because I thought I 'd stay
very focused to get stranger and gives to
see a lot then I left it alone
some separated it anyway and I did until
here the cabana of the affection that remain
save lives here and so
but anyway I thought the map that part
That was really cool because I sank
he two goals the three blocks down
and she won stayed there in the middle and tals
but anyway people were more or less this
I wanted to talk to you. It 's the
raise a spoiler for you that is
doing today with xandão
isaac who also helped me was giovanni
I forgot to talk and here we are
making the hospital read and we already
started for a while right
we want to end here do
rest of the buildings all but I
I'll leave a map for download on
description there updated there that you
want to download and I really wanted the
feedback from you in this series because
this series that is not only in this series but
in the whole channel because this series she goes
a lot of work for me to bring it
because they are large constructions even with
You can see I widen the club and I
really want feedback to assert
All I do is here, then our
favorite recipes online to help
relationship and if you do not forget to
sign up and beauty
then that then were strong and a hug
See you